nothing's gonna change like he's just
gonna get mad he's gonna get sad or mad
and like yeah so I was definitely not a
good teammate on CLG I never said I was
so but since then I think I changed a
lot what's up well I'm joined right now
by developed in the third week of the
LCS was coverage presented by Omni slash
talked about how things are going on
Team Liquid and they seem to be going
very well yep they're going pretty good
but you guys have lost one game so far
yeah but was a good opponent I think
they're also really strong they've also
lost only one game so I don't know I
wouldn't say that weird like wildly
successful actually I'd say we played
weak teams so far with the exception of
like TSM and hundred thieves and we're
just focus on playoffs more than the
regular season so I don't like I feel
like our attitude should be the same
whether we're like you know one in four
or four and one I think you know we're
just focused on the long-term I mean you
guys are back to being tied for first
place with at gofox that doesn't feel
good at all it does but it could change
next week if we lose sight of what
matters most we could flop and go zero
to the next week's or start going one
and one and unlike anything can change
best ones it's crazy honestly you can
get cheesed and and like feel like you
got cheated or cheesed out of your like
first or second seed and those things
don't matter though because in the end
like whether we're first seed or sixth a
the best team always wins playoffs so
yep how do you feel about the meta right
now because I asked a couple people last
week and they went like Pope went crazy
he's not happy about that teleport stuff
ya know the meta is really stupid the
reason why I think it's so obnoxious to
watch is because it doesn't really feel
like players have that much agency in
the game like you don't really see these
skillful displays of you know like back
in the assassin meta when you could just
pop off back in like the split-push meta
when you saw like fiora fighting jax 1v1
like it's gone of those days you know
it's like it's mainly about hard engage
team comps with like a hyper scaling ad
or in the previous one it's like about
Ezreal Nate close I can talk about it
more from 80 perspective but I wish
they would just remove the huge
difference in scaling between the ad
carry's because this just causes like a
really boring back-and-forth where one
team is playing just off for late and
one team is playing to close out early
and then at a certain point it is doomed
like the game is just doomed and you're
just waiting for the out scaled team to
be like oh we got to get this fight and
win as a viewer that results in like
60-minute games that are just absolute
snooze fest of to shit teams playing to
each other and like it is it's terrible
to play - I think the solution is
honestly just nerf the champs I take no
skill to play and balance all ad carry's
so that they'd use similar damage like
games so that there's not just this
stupid meta it's like it's meta within a
meta where you're just playing for late
you know like people don't might not
drop that way but that's how people play
on stage and it sucks so yeah I feel
pretty much as strongly as Pope I don't
feel like spell book was really a huge
issue it's mainly just just that if I
see this word stopwatch what is your
reaction it's fine you want everyone to
take gathering so instead that'll be
even more annoying like I think I think
just the infinitely scaling late-game
rune is way less fun to watch then
stopwatch play focus and I interviewed
Akkadian last week he took a lot of
issue with stopwatch because as a
jungler he feels like he'll chase down
people and try to make something happen
and then he'll just see that they have
stop watches like all right well that's
meaningless and so then he walks away
and he feels like that sort of deprives
from the action and sense of excitement
from the game whenever you just have
people not even attempting to do
anything because they've a stopwatch I
mean that's kind of a crybaby way to
think about it like I think he can also
give stopwatch or he can realize that if
he didn't do it if he didn't go
stopwatch you go you there's an
opportunity cost like you by going
stopwatch you lose out on stats you lose
out on other runes and you can play
around those you can play around flat
stats that lasts the whole game versus
just this one time use that goes away
forever it's just this one-off thing
versus stats that potentially scale
throughout the game or that give you you
know just like flat that early game
damage and skirmish so I think there is
a trade-off to going it and the second
laner fit that trade-off will be a lot
more apparent to ever
would you say it feels like a lot of
people are frustrated with the so
interesting thing happening I don't know
if that's in the shot it feels like
there's a lot of people who are
frustrated with the current meta but
what's interesting is every sinner so
frustrated with it for different reasons
so do you feel like that's the case that
all the pro players are like alright
we're not happy with the way things are
right now but everybody has a different
answer to solve it yeah I mean in the
end of the day we're not game designers
but I think we are people who can point
out problems and and what we personally
find frustrating through playing like 12
hours a day and and I like you know for
me I have a different party list then
probably akkadian does he think
stopwatch is a big deal I think watching
Ezreal versus Tristana is is way more
problematic for a viewer and for a
player so yeah I think at the end of the
day riot doesn't really have to listen
to anything we say they're the
professionals and like they made a
really successful game I'm sure they can
fix it I want to talk to you about a
human did you see a valise interview
with ollie
no I didn't oh you should go back and
watch it so in the interview
Ollie said that she'd heard that you
guys had like a very tense relationship
at times or that you could be I don't
know if she were used to word mean but
she basically I asked Olli about all the
stuff and and always response was like
yes sometimes he's mean to me
but then like I'll talk to him about it
and maybe I don't understand his sarcasm
or whatever and so you know we work it
out or whatever but I'm kind of curious
about getting your take now that awfully
did her side of that interview I can get
your take on all this stuff I mean yeah
I like to fuck with the holy like
wholesome and innocent you know but it's
true you know sometimes I do get
frustrated him because he's kind of he
can be like really unfocused and just
kind of like not be doing the right
thing and it's not something that he
doesn't know how to do it's something
that he just didn't do because he was
negligent he wasn't focused he wasn't
like putting in the priority to to
improve that so that can be frustrating
you know like I'm as do a partner and I
noticed a lot more of what he does than
anyone else on the team and
not afraid to tell him like hey that was
pretty bad the way that I do that though
it'll change based on person-to-person
Bisson didn't have a problem with it and
all they did and that's my fault for
that's not that has nothing new theme
like it's my fault for like kind of
going at it in that way like I should
have I should have just approached it a
lot more I don't know what am I trying
to say here carefully with him and and
so you know since then I'm glad he told
me because I can change I'm not like
totally set in my ways and I think now
we have a way better relationship like
synergy botlane and just like
communication flow where I can tell him
his problems and he won't be he was
feeling some I'll get hurt and vice
versa so I'm really happy that we were
getting closer to getting that going so
you're not a big meeting cuz also
explicitly said you used to be mean was
like - Utley didn't like I got mad and
then I wouldn't turn that in anything
instructive like now I realize that if I
get frustrated it's cuz something's
causing it and if I don't try to fix the
problem then nothing's gonna happen it's
like if I get pissed off I'm not just
gonna be like hey you suck like then I'm
just nothing's gonna change like he's
just gonna get mad he's gonna get sad or
mad and like yeah so I was definitely
not a good teammate on CLG I never said
I was so but since then I think I
changed a lot what's up are you still
you still friends with Reggie yeah
buffets hell he's like 200 pounds pure
muscle drives a Lambo now no no he's
actually of course I'm gonna be friends
with ane for a while I mean I just had
to say something cuz he was walking by
yeah mm-hmm okay so Jen do you have any
probably feel oddly asking only the
tough questions about you I think it's
fine always a big goal and I don't mind
you know people talking about me it's
good for me I guess good for my career
just don't you talk me yeah
actually now it's fine I don't care
because you should talk a lot of people
I can't say don't you talk to me because
like that we have it pretty hypocritical
no you guys talk about anime
you know knobbly I think we used to but
I don't really watch much anime anymore
I used to be a pretty we be but now it
on time dude anime takes so long it's
like 50 episodes or like 20 episodes
that's like 10 hours of my time you see
the other day that you're playing the
Dragon Ball game for three hours that's
different that's different I only played
like three hours one day one day the
rest of the days I'm only focused on
leak so you only play dragon ball on
that day well no the like I played in
queue you know and yeah that's it I just
waiting queue I don't I don't really
play it that much honestly I played like
maybe 30 minutes to an hour a day seems
like there was something else I was
going to talk to you about in this
interview and I can't remember what Oh
Bunny's in town yeah
no it's nice I haven't seen her in a
month a distraction no I mean it's the
only instruction but I let it be one I'm
gonna you know still be as constructive
and productive as possible while she's
here and yeah it's nice to have her here
very good
feels like there was still something I
was gonna ask you Oh final thing I put
out a feature today you were in it or
like a behind the scenes to do shit like
it was so badly shot like I think they
can't yeah this the camera angles were
just awful
editing not my favorite there we go
Rodin's beast he's so sick I actually
told Bonnie about Brendan and I told him
I told Bonnie that Broden has an aura
where when you just like when you're in
its presence you just feel this like
Brody Nora I don't not explain it that
salt that's like the only way I could
explain it well jatt is in the
background in the shadows I have to
interview him now what should I ask him
ask him about
Brodin and his aura does he does he feel
it just me so many questions asked feel
his own aura chat about him placing CLG
number one all the time
really Jett why I predicted against them
today so that they could win oh my god
Jett
have you watched my frost without me you
were truly mean your supports I'm next
no I know anything you want to say to
any of the fans thank you guys for
supporting me and yeah I think Team
Liquid has good shoot coming up we're
focused on playoffs not regular split so
if we stumble a few times
give us not some slack but just give us
some time and yeah just appreciate all
the support okay thanks so much for the
interview I got it I gotta get to chat
who's hanging out over there everyone
else you can check out the rest my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel why haven't
you subscribed yet you should definitely
see that Omni slash and I are bringing
you these interviews you haven't done it
it's just so disappointing please please
subscribe